README.md, before:

# EyesLibrary for Robot Framework

## Introduction

EyesLibrary is a Robot Framework Library to automate visual software testing verification. EyesLibrary uses a Python SDK called [Eyes-Selenium](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/eyes-selenium) from the tool [Applitools Eyes](http://applitools.com/), and can be used with the [SeleniumLibrary](https://github.com/robotframework/SeleniumLibrary) and/or the [AppiumLibrary](https://github.com/serhatbolsu/robotframework-appiumlibrary) .

This library is a fork of [Robot-AppEyes](https://github.com/NaviNet/Robot-AppEyes).
In order to use EyesLibrary, you are required to [sign up](https://applitools.com/sign-up/) for a free account with Applitools. See the [Usage](https://github.com/joel-oliveira/EyesLibrary#usage) section.

<!-- TODO: Publish Keywork Documentation
- Information about Robot-AppEyes keywords can be found on the [RobotAppEyes-Keyword Documentation](http://navinet.github.io/Robot-AppEyes/RobotAppEyes-KeywordDocumentation.html) page. -->

- The [Eyes Selenium](https://pypi.org/project/eyes-selenium/) page provides more information for that library.
- More information about the SeleniumLibrary can be found on the [SeleniumLibrary Repo](https://github.com/robotframework/SeleniumLibrary) and in the [Keyword Documentation](http://robotframework.org/SeleniumLibrary/SeleniumLibrary.html).
- More information about the AppiumLibrary can be found on the [AppiumLibrary Repo](https://github.com/serhatbolsu/robotframework-appiumlibrary) and in the [Keyword Documentation](http://serhatbolsu.github.io/robotframework-appiumlibrary/AppiumLibrary.html).

## Requirements

- Python 2.7.14
- Robot Framework 3.1.1
- Eyes-Selenium 3.15.2
- SeleniumLibrary 3.3.1 (For Web Tests)
- AppiumLibrary 1.5.0.2 (For Mobile Tests)

## Installation

This library is not ready yet for installation.

<!--
#### Using pip

The recommended installation tool is [pip](http://pip-installer.org).

Install pip.
Enter the following:

    pip install Robot-AppEyes

Append `--upgrade` to update both the library and all
its dependencies to the latest version:

    pip install --upgrade Robot-AppEyes

To install a specific version enter:

    pip install Robot-AppEyes==(DesiredVersion)

#### Manual Installation

It is also possible to install the package with python, though you will need dependencies to be installed manually.
you can download the source distribution from PyPI, extract it and
run the following command:

    python setup.py install

Alternatively you could download the source code, package it and install using next commands:

        python setup.py sdist
        pip install resulting_package
        ## dist/robot-appEyes-1.2.zip

#### Uninstall

To uninstall Robot-AppEyes use the following pip command:

    pip uninstall Robot-AppEyes

However, if the package was installed manually it will need to be uninstalled manually:

1. Navigate to `C:\Python27\Tests` and delete RobotAppEyesTest.txt, pictureOne.png, pictureTwo.png and RobotAppEyes-KeywordDocumentation.html

2. Navigate to `C:\Python27\Lib\site-packages` and delete RobotAppEyes-1.2-py2.7.egg-info and the folder `RobotAppEyes`

## Directory Layout

_EyesLibrary/EyesLibrary.py_ :
The Robot Python Library that makes use of the Applitools Eyes Python SDK.

_Tests/acceptance/EyesLibraryTest.txt_ :
Example test file to display what various keywords from EyesLibrary Library accomplish

_doc/EyesLibrary-KeywordDocumentation.html_ :
Keyword documentation for the EyesLibrary library.
 -->

## Usage

To write tests with Robot Framework and EyesLibrary,
EyesLibrary must be imported into your Robot test suite.
See [Robot Framework User Guide](http://code.google.com/p/robotframework/wiki/UserGuide) for more information.

**Note** - You must create a [free account](https://applitools.com/sign-up/) with Applitools in order to run the
EyesLibrary and return results. The Applitools site will
allow you to sign up and you will then be provide with your own API key.
This will then need to be added to the Robot test file EyesLibraryTest.robot,
within the variable \${Applitools-Key}, remove 'YourApplitoolsKey' and replace with your API Key.

## Running the Demo

The test file EyesLibraryTest.robot, is an easily executable test for Robot Framework using EyesLibrary.

<!-- TODO: Publish Keyword Documentation
For in depth detail on how the keywords function, read the Keyword documentation found here : [Keyword Documentation](http://navinet.github.io/Robot-AppEyes/RobotAppEyes-KeywordDocumentation.html) -->

**Remember to include your Applitools API key otherwise the
test will not run.** To run the test, open a command prompt within the _Tests/acceptance_ folder and run:

    robot EyesLibraryTest.robot

**Note:** It is assumed that anyone who wants to use this demo script is already able to execute robot tests using Google Chrome.

## Things to Note When Using Applitools

- The EyesLibraryTest.robot test will fail after the first run because a baseline is being created and will be accepted automatically by Applitools Eyes. A second test run will show a successful comparison between screens and the test will pass.
- Changing the \${Applitools-AppName} variable value will create a new test entry in Applitools test result screen and a new baseline will be accepted automatically by Applitools Eyes on the first run.
- The Height resolution should not be greater than 1000 which is currently Applitools maximum setting.
- Browser zoom should be set to 100%.

## Getting Help

The [user group for Robot Framework](http://groups.google.com/group/robotframework-users) is the best place to get help. Include in the post:

- Full description of what you are trying to do and expected outcome
- Version number of EyesLibrary, Robot Framework, and SeleniumLibrary/AppiumLibrary
- Traceback or other debug output containing error information

Commit message:

hybrid app tests and updates

README.md, after:

# EyesLibrary for Robot Framework

## Introduction

EyesLibrary is a Robot Framework Library to automate visual software testing verification. EyesLibrary uses a Python SDK called [Eyes-Selenium](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/eyes-selenium) from the tool [Applitools Eyes](http://applitools.com/), and can be used with the [SeleniumLibrary](https://github.com/robotframework/SeleniumLibrary) and/or the [AppiumLibrary](https://github.com/serhatbolsu/robotframework-appiumlibrary) .

This library is a fork of [Robot-AppEyes](https://github.com/NaviNet/Robot-AppEyes).
In order to use EyesLibrary, you are required to [sign up](https://applitools.com/sign-up/) for a free account with Applitools. See the [Usage](https://github.com/joel-oliveira/EyesLibrary#usage) section.

<!-- TODO: Publish Keywork Documentation
- Information about Robot-AppEyes keywords can be found on the [RobotAppEyes-Keyword Documentation](http://navinet.github.io/Robot-AppEyes/RobotAppEyes-KeywordDocumentation.html) page. -->

- The [Eyes Selenium](https://pypi.org/project/eyes-selenium/) page provides more information for that library.
- More information about the SeleniumLibrary can be found on the [SeleniumLibrary Repo](https://github.com/robotframework/SeleniumLibrary) and in the [Keyword Documentation](http://robotframework.org/SeleniumLibrary/SeleniumLibrary.html).
- More information about the AppiumLibrary can be found on the [AppiumLibrary Repo](https://github.com/serhatbolsu/robotframework-appiumlibrary) and in the [Keyword Documentation](http://serhatbolsu.github.io/robotframework-appiumlibrary/AppiumLibrary.html).

## Requirements

- Python 2.7.14
- Robot Framework 3.1.1
- Eyes-Selenium 3.15.2
- SeleniumLibrary 3.3.1 (For Web Tests)
- AppiumLibrary 1.5.0.2 (For Mobile Tests)

## Installation

This library is not ready yet for installation.

<!--
#### Using pip

The recommended installation tool is [pip](http://pip-installer.org).

Install pip.
Enter the following:

    pip install Robot-AppEyes

Append `--upgrade` to update both the library and all
its dependencies to the latest version:

    pip install --upgrade Robot-AppEyes

To install a specific version enter:

    pip install Robot-AppEyes==(DesiredVersion)

#### Manual Installation

It is also possible to install the package with python, though you will need dependencies to be installed manually.
you can download the source distribution from PyPI, extract it and
run the following command:

    python setup.py install

Alternatively you could download the source code, package it and install using next commands:

        python setup.py sdist
        pip install resulting_package
        ## dist/robot-appEyes-1.2.zip

#### Uninstall

To uninstall Robot-AppEyes use the following pip command:

    pip uninstall Robot-AppEyes

However, if the package was installed manually it will need to be uninstalled manually:

1. Navigate to `C:\Python27\Tests` and delete RobotAppEyesTest.txt, pictureOne.png, pictureTwo.png and RobotAppEyes-KeywordDocumentation.html

2. Navigate to `C:\Python27\Lib\site-packages` and delete RobotAppEyes-1.2-py2.7.egg-info and the folder `RobotAppEyes`

## Directory Layout

_EyesLibrary/EyesLibrary.py_ :
The Robot Python Library that makes use of the Applitools Eyes Python SDK.

_Tests/acceptance/EyesLibraryTest.txt_ :
Example test file to display what various keywords from EyesLibrary Library accomplish

_doc/EyesLibrary-KeywordDocumentation.html_ :
Keyword documentation for the EyesLibrary library.
 -->

## Usage

To write tests with Robot Framework and EyesLibrary,
EyesLibrary must be imported into your Robot test suite.
See [Robot Framework User Guide](http://code.google.com/p/robotframework/wiki/UserGuide) for more information.

**Note** - You must create a [free account](https://applitools.com/sign-up/) with Applitools in order to run the
EyesLibrary and return results. The Applitools site will
allow you to sign up and you will then be provide with your own API key.
This will then need to be added to the Robot test file EyesLibraryTest.robot,
within the variable \${Applitools-Key}, remove 'YourApplitoolsKey' and replace with your API Key.

## Running the Demo

At _tests/acceptance_ directory, you can find Robot Framework tests for:

- Web
- Mobile Browser
- Mobile Native App
- Mobile Hybrid App

Before running the tests, your Applitools Api Key must be set in _tests/acceptance/resources/common.robot_, by replacing "YourApplitoolsApiKey" with your own key.

The mobile tests are to be executed on Android.
Before running the Mobile Hybrid App tests, you need to install the Demo App (APK found at _tests/resources_) in your device.

<!-- TODO: Publish Keyword Documentation
For in depth detail on how the keywords function, read the Keyword documentation found here : [Keyword Documentation](http://navinet.github.io/Robot-AppEyes/RobotAppEyes-KeywordDocumentation.html) -->

**Remember to include your Applitools API key otherwise the
test will not run.** To run a test, open a command prompt within the _tests/acceptance_ folder and run:

    robot FILENAME.robot

For example, to run the Test Suite for Web:

    robot web.robot

**Note:** It is assumed that anyone who wants to use this demo script is already able to execute robot tests using Google Chrome.

## Things to Note When Using Applitools

- The EyesLibraryTest.robot test will fail after the first run because a baseline is being created and will be accepted automatically by Applitools Eyes. A second test run will show a successful comparison between screens and the test will pass.
- Changing the \${Applitools-AppName} variable value will create a new test entry in Applitools test result screen and a new baseline will be accepted automatically by Applitools Eyes on the first run.
- The Height resolution should not be greater than 1000 which is currently Applitools maximum setting.
- Browser zoom should be set to 100%.

## Getting Help

The [user group for Robot Framework](http://groups.google.com/group/robotframework-users) is the best place to get help. Include in the post:

- Full description of what you are trying to do and expected outcome
- Version number of EyesLibrary, Robot Framework, and SeleniumLibrary/AppiumLibrary
- Traceback or other debug output containing error information
